tidb-lightning: add filtering parameters and their descriptions (#4936)
pingcap/docs: get-started-with-tidb-lightning.md

    # Local source data directory
    data-source-dir = "/data/my_datasource/"

>     # Configures wildcard rules. By default, these rules filter mysql, sys, INFORMATION_SCHEMA, PERFORMANCE_SCHEMA, METRICS_SCHEMA, and all tables in the INSPECTION_SCHEMA system database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Configures the wildcard rule. By default, all tables in the mysql, sys, INFORMATION_SCHEMA, PERFORMANCE_SCHEMA, METRICS_SCHEMA, and INSPECTION_SCHEMA system databases are filtered.
```

>     # If this item is not configured, the anomaly "Cannot find schema" occurs when importing system tables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # If this item is not configured, the "cannot find schema" error occurs when system tables are imported. 
```
